packages/tool-cache/README.md, before:

# `@actions/tool-cache`

> Functions necessary for downloading and caching tools.

## Usage

#### Download

You can use this to download tools (or other files) from a download URL:

```js
const tc = require('@actions/tool-cache');

const node12Path = await tc.downloadTool('https://nodejs.org/dist/v12.7.0/node-v12.7.0-linux-x64.tar.gz');
```

#### Extract

These can then be extracted in platform specific ways:

```js
const tc = require('@actions/tool-cache');

if (process.platform === 'win32') {
  const node12Path = await tc.downloadTool('https://nodejs.org/dist/v12.7.0/node-v12.7.0-win-x64.zip');
  const node12ExtractedFolder = await tc.extractZip(node12Path, 'path/to/extract/to');

  // Or alternately
  const node12Path = await tc.downloadTool('https://nodejs.org/dist/v12.7.0/node-v12.7.0-win-x64.7z');
  const node12ExtractedFolder = await tc.extract7z(node12Path, 'path/to/extract/to');
}
else {
  const node12Path = await tc.downloadTool('https://nodejs.org/dist/v12.7.0/node-v12.7.0-linux-x64.tar.gz');
  const node12ExtractedFolder = await tc.extractTar(node12Path, 'path/to/extract/to');
}
```

#### Cache

Finally, you can cache these directories in our tool-cache. This is useful if you want to switch back and forth between versions of a tool, or save a tool between runs for private runners (private runners are still in development but are on the roadmap).

You'll often want to add it to the path as part of this step:

```js
const tc = require('@actions/tool-cache');
const core = require('@actions/core');

const node12Path = await tc.downloadTool('https://nodejs.org/dist/v12.7.0/node-v12.7.0-linux-x64.tar.gz');
const node12ExtractedFolder = await tc.extractTar(node12Path, 'path/to/extract/to');

const cachedPath = await tc.cacheDir(node12ExtractedFolder, 'node', '12.7.0');
core.addPath(cachedPath);
```

You can also cache files for reuse.

```js
const tc = require('@actions/tool-cache');

const cachedPath = await tc.cacheFile('path/to/exe', 'destFileName.exe', 'myExeName', '1.1.0');
```

#### Find

Finally, you can find directories and files you've previously cached:

```js
const tc = require('@actions/tool-cache');
const core = require('@actions/core');

const nodeDirectory = tc.find('node', '12.x', 'x64');
core.addPath(nodeDirectory);
```

You can even find all cached versions of a tool:

```js
const tc = require('@actions/tool-cache');

const allNodeVersions = tc.findAllVersions('node');
console.log(`Versions of node available: ${allNodeVersions}`);
```

Commit message:

update tool-cache README.md

packages/tool-cache/README.md, after:

# `@actions/tool-cache`

> Functions necessary for downloading and caching tools.

The tool-cache caches downloads in the environment in which an action runs.

For hosted runners, the lifetime of the cache is therefore limited to the Job because the Job defines the lifetime of the VM in which the action that exploits the cache runs.
This does not mean that the tool-cache is redundant for downloads that occur only once in a Job, because many popular tools are pre-populated in the tool-cache for hosted runners.

## Usage

#### Download

You can use this to download tools (or other files) from a download URL:

```js
const tc = require('@actions/tool-cache');

const node12Path = await tc.downloadTool('https://nodejs.org/dist/v12.7.0/node-v12.7.0-linux-x64.tar.gz');
```

#### Extract

These can then be extracted in platform specific ways:

```js
const tc = require('@actions/tool-cache');

if (process.platform === 'win32') {
  const node12Path = await tc.downloadTool('https://nodejs.org/dist/v12.7.0/node-v12.7.0-win-x64.zip');
  const node12ExtractedFolder = await tc.extractZip(node12Path, 'path/to/extract/to');

  // Or alternately
  const node12Path = await tc.downloadTool('https://nodejs.org/dist/v12.7.0/node-v12.7.0-win-x64.7z');
  const node12ExtractedFolder = await tc.extract7z(node12Path, 'path/to/extract/to');
}
else {
  const node12Path = await tc.downloadTool('https://nodejs.org/dist/v12.7.0/node-v12.7.0-linux-x64.tar.gz');
  const node12ExtractedFolder = await tc.extractTar(node12Path, 'path/to/extract/to');
}
```

#### Cache

Finally, you can cache these directories in our tool-cache. This is useful if you want to switch back and forth between versions of a tool, or save a tool between runs for private runners (private runners are still in development but are on the roadmap).

You'll often want to add it to the path as part of this step:

```js
const tc = require('@actions/tool-cache');
const core = require('@actions/core');

const node12Path = await tc.downloadTool('https://nodejs.org/dist/v12.7.0/node-v12.7.0-linux-x64.tar.gz');
const node12ExtractedFolder = await tc.extractTar(node12Path, 'path/to/extract/to');

const cachedPath = await tc.cacheDir(node12ExtractedFolder, 'node', '12.7.0');
core.addPath(cachedPath);
```

You can also cache files for reuse.

```js
const tc = require('@actions/tool-cache');

const cachedPath = await tc.cacheFile('path/to/exe', 'destFileName.exe', 'myExeName', '1.1.0');
```

#### Find

Finally, you can find directories and files you've previously cached:

```js
const tc = require('@actions/tool-cache');
const core = require('@actions/core');

const nodeDirectory = tc.find('node', '12.x', 'x64');
core.addPath(nodeDirectory);
```

You can even find all cached versions of a tool:

```js
const tc = require('@actions/tool-cache');

const allNodeVersions = tc.findAllVersions('node');
console.log(`Versions of node available: ${allNodeVersions}`);
```
